

# Repository Guidelines for WINDOW PC

## 1. What This Repository Does

This project generates videos using **Grok Imagine** based on automatically created text prompts. Free rate limits of Grok Imagine now could be around 50~60 requests per day.

### **Where do the text prompts come from?**

Text prompts are generated by randomly sampling **activity**, **place**, **race**, and **gender** in `utils.py`.
These sampled attributes are sent to a free LLM API (e.g., **Gemma-3B**) to produce **paraphrased and diverse descriptions**, which are then saved into files named `prompt*.txt`.

### **How the text prompts are used**

The script opens a Chrome tab in **debug mode** on your PC.
You must manually navigate to `grok.com/imagine` and log in to your account.
After that, the code interacts with your screen, enters the prompt read from txt file, and downloads the generated video.

> **Note:** Grok Imagine can be slow when generating videos.
> If the download fails after waiting, the script will retry using the first photo prompt generated by rok (scroll down on the creation page).
> The  prompt photos are also based on the text prompts.

---

## 2. Installation

Install the required packages:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

---

## 3. Creating a (Free) API Key and Setting the Output Directory

1. Create a free API key at: **openrouter.ai**
2. Insert the key into line 10 of `prompt_gen.py`.
3. Install **RAIDRIVE** if you want to access the server disk through Windows Explorer.
4. Update `self.download_dir` in `line 96` of `video_create.py` to your preferred output directory. 
Update your UID in file "config.json"

---

## 4. Running the Code

1. Close all Chrome windown, and Run `start_chrome_debug.bat` to start Chrome in debug mode.
2. Manually open `grok.com/imagine` and log in.

   * Cloudflare currently blocks automated login.
   * (If you have suggestions for automating this step, contributions are welcome!)
3. Run `gen_exe.bat` to start generating videos. NO MANUAL STEPS required futher.

( In side `gen_exe.bat`, it'll first run `prompt_gen.py` to create 20 prompts by LLMs. Then, `video_create.py` create video and download sequentially. One'CSV' file created after all will store time stamp, video name, prompt for each video.)
